use case 1: sam the user is in a conversation with connor. connor states that tin foil has a shiny side an a dull side 
because if you cover a dish in the oven with the dull side up the contents will heat up faster than if the shiny side 
is up, and vice versa. Sam has recently seen a video called ‘tin foil productions and myths’ which debunks the idea 
Connor stated. When sam says to connor that his claim is not true, and Connor insists on proof. Sam’s issue begins 
with how the videos timeline(as seen bellow) is set up.

timeline of video:
0 - 90 sec: HEY GUYS ITS YOUR BOY TANNER! Thanks for clicking on my video. I wanted to start with a quick update on my 
studio flooding that I talked about last time. We got all the water out, and thanks to all your guys' love and support 
during this difficult time. You guys raised over 12k to help rebuild my studio space, and I can't tell you what that means
to both me and my family. We're rebuilt and ready to get back to making the best tin foil related videos on the internet,
but before we jump in don’t forget to LIKE, COMMENT, AND SUBSCRIBE!

90 - 240 sec: today we are talking about the myth that tin foil has a dull side and a shiny side because the placement of 
foil affects how fast what it covers heats up. But first lets talk about the history of how tin foil came to have a shiny and 
dull side. It starts in the early 1900s where the first tin foil was made by mike foil who took a piece of tin and hammered it 
so thin that it became a foil, originally this would have been considered tin leafing, but regardless at this point both sides 
would have been very dull………. And now tin foil has a shiny side and a dull side because of how the rollers on manufacturing 
rollers are set up. 

240 - 300 sec: now as for the claim that which side of the foil is places face up or down affects how fast the contents heat up. 
The University of Michigan conducted a study in 2016 that tested the same dishes with the same foil in the same oven over 50 times
and found that the food heated up at the same rate regardless of which side was used, shiny or dull.

300 - 600 sec: anyways guys let me show you the new studio…

Sam can easily find the video he watched and send it to Connor, but he is worried that because the video is 10 min long that he will 
be unlikely to click on it. Sam also realizes that most of the video doesn’t have anything to do with the claim he wants to prove. Sam 
also remembers that a study had been mentioned that proved his point but can't remember the details, and doesn't have time to watch and 
search through the video well talking to connor. So Sam copied the URL of the video and inputs it into sauce.me. Sauce.me identifies 
that a source was used “The university of michigan conducted a study in 2016” and that the claim “side of the foil is placed face up or 
down affects the how fast the contents heat up” combining the claim and source a google search is done to find the original study from 
the university of michigan, when found the user is given the link in a sharable way, and sam send the direct link to the study to connor 
and proves his point. 

